Awesome guys we're done with our project.
As far as HD the CSX is concerned and the only thing left is adding some functionality using JavaScript
before we proceed though I would like to mention a few things as far as javascript is concerned.
First adding javascript is optional and the main purpose of this project was to showcase the use of
C as plex blocks.
Second since it's not a job script I'm not going to spend tons of time covering the javascript code
that we're gonna write so I'm not going to cover JavaScript in great detail.
As a side note if you are interested in learning javascript I do have an awesome project based javascript
course on your DME so be sure to check it out.
And third if you get stuck or you just don't want to bother typing javascript but still would like to
add functionality to your project.
Just head over to a set of files and look for complete AB J.S. file on that file and copy and paste
the contents of that file in the app just file that we're going to work on in the following videos.
Remember the app Jazz that we created all the way in the set of video and you're gonna have to have
some tweaks though.
Meaning keep in mind that even though you're going to have all the javascript there's still some HD
the amount and CSF tweaks that you're going to have to do.
All right in order to afford javascript to work.
So I would still suggest watching the following videos where in the beginning of the video I'm going
to set up the HDMI or see Asus and then later we're going to write JavaScript.
Now if you don't want to write JavaScript just copy and paste whatever content we have in the complete
app J.S. file.
So let's head over to the set of files and then within the setup files you're going to notice the file
by the name of complete.
Have J.S. and what you can do is just open up this file in your text that are like I said You can either
grab everything just select everything and copy and paste it in the app Jess again.
Please keep in mind you're going to have to do some tweaks in the HCM now or spaces in order for this
to work so you can do it this way.
If you don't like to actually write just or you can do video by video more let's say we're gonna start
by setting up the date.
So just grab whatever we have as far as data is concerned and then copy in the app Jesus just so you
can see that everything's working.
Now I would like to also mention that again your I.D. and classes need to match whatever I have in my
project because the javascript that is sitting within the complete app and the same javascript we're
gonna write depends on the classes and ideas that you have in your HDMI out.
All right now first of all let me delete everything that I had here in the app Jess.
And starting from next video we're gonna work on the functionality for our project.